Q1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

HTTP1.1:
1. It allows only one request (even with request pipelining). This means that it loads the resource one behind the other, 
   so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. 
2. The server only serves content to a client device if it asks for it. 
   However, this approach is not always practical for modern web pages, which often involve several dozen different resources that the client must request.
3. It speeds up web performance by compressing the HTTP messages to make them smaller, So the Small files load more quickly than large ones.

HTTP 2:
1. It uses a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. 
2. It solves this problem by allowing a server to “push” content before the client asks for it. 
3. It uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. 
   Given the volume of HTTP packets involved in loading even a single webpage,those bytes add up quickly, resulting in faster loading.

Q2)objects and its internal representation in Javascript
Objects are complex and each object may contain a combination of primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
Otherway around, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.
An object can be created with figure brackets {} with an optional list of properties. A property is a “key: value” pair, where a key is the property name value can be anything.
